This document describes all columns in the result.txt file generated by run_analysis.R. The script description can be found at README.md in this repository.

Source data used to generate this dataset is originally from (Human Activity Recognition Using Smartphones Data Set)[http://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Human+Activity+Recognition+Using+Smartphones]. 


All data in plain text, with columns separated by a white space and column names in the first line.

Columns
-------

1. activity_label: Observed activity name. Can be set to one of the following values:
   - WALKING
   - WALKING_UPSTAIRS
   - WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS
   - SITTING
   - STANDING
   - LAYING

2. subject: Subject ID to identify people that participated in the experiment. Can be an integer from 1 to 30.

3. meanOf.tBodyAcc.mean.X: Mean of "tBodyAcc-mean()-X" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

4. meanOf.tBodyAcc.mean.Y: Mean of "tBodyAcc-mean()-Y" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

5. meanOf.tBodyAcc.mean.Z: Mean of "tBodyAcc-mean()-Z" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

6. meanOf.tBodyAcc.std.X: Mean of "tBodyAcc-std()-X" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

7. meanOf.tBodyAcc.std.Y: Mean of "tBodyAcc-std()-Y" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

8. meanOf.tBodyAcc.std.Z: Mean of "tBodyAcc-std()-Z" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

9. meanOf.tGravityAcc.mean.X: Mean of "tGravityAcc-mean()-X" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

10. meanOf.tGravityAcc.mean.Y: Mean of "tGravityAcc-mean()-Y" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

11. meanOf.tGravityAcc.mean.Z: Mean of "tGravityAcc-mean()-Z" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

12. meanOf.tGravityAcc.std.X: Mean of "tGravityAcc-std()-X" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

13. meanOf.tGravityAcc.std.Y: Mean of "tGravityAcc-std()-Y" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

14. meanOf.tGravityAcc.std.Z: Mean of "tGravityAcc-std()-Z" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

15. meanOf.tBodyAccJerk.mean.X: Mean of "tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

16. meanOf.tBodyAccJerk.mean.Y: Mean of "tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

17. meanOf.tBodyAccJerk.mean.Z: Mean of "tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

18. meanOf.tBodyAccJerk.std.X: Mean of "tBodyAccJerk-std()-X" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

19. meanOf.tBodyAccJerk.std.Y: Mean of "tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

20. meanOf.tBodyAccJerk.std.Z: Mean of "tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

21. meanOf.tBodyGyro.mean.X: Mean of "tBodyGyro-mean()-X" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

22. meanOf.tBodyGyro.mean.Y: Mean of "tBodyGyro-mean()-Y" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

23. meanOf.tBodyGyro.mean.Z: Mean of "tBodyGyro-mean()-Z" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

24. meanOf.tBodyGyro.std.X: Mean of "tBodyGyro-std()-X" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

25. meanOf.tBodyGyro.std.Y: Mean of "tBodyGyro-std()-Y" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

26. meanOf.tBodyGyro.std.Z: Mean of "tBodyGyro-std()-Z" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

27. meanOf.tBodyGyroJerk.mean.X: Mean of "tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

28. meanOf.tBodyGyroJerk.mean.Y: Mean of "tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

29. meanOf.tBodyGyroJerk.mean.Z: Mean of "tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

30. meanOf.tBodyGyroJerk.std.X: Mean of "tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

31. meanOf.tBodyGyroJerk.std.Y: Mean of "tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

32. meanOf.tBodyGyroJerk.std.Z: Mean of "tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

33. meanOf.tBodyAccMag.mean: Mean of "tBodyAccMag-mean()" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

34. meanOf.tBodyAccMag.std: Mean of "tBodyAccMag-std()" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

35. meanOf.tGravityAccMag.mean: Mean of "tGravityAccMag-mean()" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

36. meanOf.tGravityAccMag.std: Mean of "tGravityAccMag-std()" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

37. meanOf.tBodyAccJerkMag.mean: Mean of "tBodyAccJerkMag-mean()" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

38. meanOf.tBodyAccJerkMag.std: Mean of "tBodyAccJerkMag-std()" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

39. meanOf.tBodyGyroMag.mean: Mean of "tBodyGyroMag-mean()" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

40. meanOf.tBodyGyroMag.std: Mean of "tBodyGyroMag-std()" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

41. meanOf.tBodyGyroJerkMag.mean: Mean of "tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

42. meanOf.tBodyGyroJerkMag.std: Mean of "tBodyGyroJerkMag-std()" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

43. meanOf.fBodyAcc.mean.X: Mean of "fBodyAcc-mean()-X" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

44. meanOf.fBodyAcc.mean.Y: Mean of "fBodyAcc-mean()-Y" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

45. meanOf.fBodyAcc.mean.Z: Mean of "fBodyAcc-mean()-Z" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

46. meanOf.fBodyAcc.std.X: Mean of "fBodyAcc-std()-X" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

47. meanOf.fBodyAcc.std.Y: Mean of "fBodyAcc-std()-Y" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

48. meanOf.fBodyAcc.std.Z: Mean of "fBodyAcc-std()-Z" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

49. meanOf.fBodyAcc.meanFreq.X: Mean of "fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-X" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

50. meanOf.fBodyAcc.meanFreq.Y: Mean of "fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Y" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

51. meanOf.fBodyAcc.meanFreq.Z: Mean of "fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Z" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

52. meanOf.fBodyAccJerk.mean.X: Mean of "fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

53. meanOf.fBodyAccJerk.mean.Y: Mean of "fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

54. meanOf.fBodyAccJerk.mean.Z: Mean of "fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

55. meanOf.fBodyAccJerk.std.X: Mean of "fBodyAccJerk-std()-X" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

56. meanOf.fBodyAccJerk.std.Y: Mean of "fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

57. meanOf.fBodyAccJerk.std.Z: Mean of "fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

58. meanOf.fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq.X: Mean of "fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-X" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

59. meanOf.fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq.Y: Mean of "fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Y" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

60. meanOf.fBodyAccJerk.meanFreq.Z: Mean of "fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Z" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

61. meanOf.fBodyGyro.mean.X: Mean of "fBodyGyro-mean()-X" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

62. meanOf.fBodyGyro.mean.Y: Mean of "fBodyGyro-mean()-Y" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

63. meanOf.fBodyGyro.mean.Z: Mean of "fBodyGyro-mean()-Z" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

64. meanOf.fBodyGyro.std.X: Mean of "fBodyGyro-std()-X" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

65. meanOf.fBodyGyro.std.Y: Mean of "fBodyGyro-std()-X" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

66. meanOf.fBodyGyro.std.Z: Mean of "fBodyGyro-std()-X" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

67. meanOf.fBodyGyro.meanFreq.X: Mean of "fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-X" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

68. meanOf.fBodyGyro.meanFreq.Y: Mean of "fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Y" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

69. meanOf.fBodyGyro.meanFreq.Z: Mean of "fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Z" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

70. meanOf.fBodyAccMag.mean: Mean of "fBodyAccMag-mean()" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

71. meanOf.fBodyAccMag.std: Mean of "fBodyAccMag-std()" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

72. meanOf.fBodyAccMag.meanFreq: Mean of "fBodyAccMag-meanFreq()" from the source data, for each activity and subject. 

73. meanOf.fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.mean: Mean of "fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean()" from the source data, for each activity and subject.  

74. meanOf.fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.std: Mean of "fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std()" from the source data, for each activity and subject.  

75. meanOf.fBodyBodyAccJerkMag.meanFreq: Mean of "fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-meanFreq()" from the source data, for each activity and subject.  

76. meanOf.fBodyBodyGyroMag.mean: Mean of "fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean()" from the source data, for each activity and subject.  

77. meanOf.fBodyBodyGyroMag.std: Mean of "fBodyBodyGyroMag-std()" from the source data, for each activity and subject.  

78. meanOf.fBodyBodyGyroMag.meanFreq: Mean of "fBodyBodyGyroMag-meanFreq()" from the source data, for each activity and subject.  

79. meanOf.fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.mean: Mean of "fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()" from the source data, for each activity and subject.  

80. meanOf.fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.std: Mean of "fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std()" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

81. meanOf.fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag.meanFreq: Mean of "fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-meanFreq()" from the source data, for each activity and subject.

